Add explanation of various components within SP (#530)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: docs/reference/default-extensions.rst

Reviewer: Missing `sphinxcontrib.cairosvgconverter`.

> .. _default-extensions:

Reviewer 2: Could you add a meta description? :)

Default extensions
===================

> These extentions are enabled in the Starter Pack by default.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These extensions are enabled in the Starter Pack by default.
```

``sphinx.ext.intersphinx``
   Generates automatic links to the documentation objects of other Sphinx projects.

``sphinx_config_options``
   Provides customized directives to easily document system or project configuration options.

``sphinx_contributor_listing``
   Automatically generates a list of contributors to the project repository.

``sphinx_filtered_toctree``
   Allows filtering Table of Contents (toctree) entries based on specific tags or conditions.

``sphinx_last_updated_by_git``
   Fetches and displays the accurate 'last updated' date for pages by reading Git commit metadata.

``sphinx_related_links``
   Generates and injects a list of related links into documentation pages.

``sphinx_roles``
   Provides custom inline text roles for standardized formatting or linking across the project.

``sphinx_sitemap``
   Automatically generates a standard sitemap.xml file to improve search engine indexing (SEO).

``sphinx_terminal``
   Renders styled terminal sessions and command-line output within the documentation.

``sphinx_ubuntu_images``
   Provides directives specific to rendering standard Ubuntu-branded images and icons.

``sphinx_youtube_links``

>    Provides a simple directive to seamlessly embed YouTube videos into.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Provides a directive to embed YouTube videos into a page.
```
